Add template function: shuffle (#37864)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/configuration/templating.markdown

- Filter `value | regex_findall(find='', ignorecase=False)` will find all regex matches of the find expression in `value` and return the array of matches.
- Filter `value | regex_findall_index(find='', index=0, ignorecase=False)` will do the same as `regex_findall` and return the match at index.

### Shuffling

> Our template engine contains a filter and function shuffle a list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The template engine contains a filter and function to shuffle a list.
```

> Shuffling can happen randomly or reproducible using a seed. When using a seed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shuffling can happen randomly or reproducibly using a seed. When using a seed
```
